#summary Modification History 変更履歴


v1.81.25 2/21/2009 =sugi=
  * 濁点つき日本語ファイル名を取り扱えるように修正した。
  * バックアップしないでファイル削除する機能を追加した。
  * App タブを追加しアプリケーション名からフォルダーに移動できるようにした。(2.? Jailbreak)
  * FW 2.? でSymbolic Linkが表示できていなかったのを表示するようにした。
  * Symbolic Linkを青色表示するようにした。
  * フォルダーファイルのファイル数・使用量・フォルダー数のプロパティーに表示するようにした。
  * フォルダーのダブルクリックで展開するようにした。
  * Symbolic Link判定で遅くなったので、再度フォルダー操作の最適化を行った。

v1.81.24 1/27/2009 =sugi=
  * iTunesタブでアーティスト名の下にアルバム名の階層を追加した。
  * アルバム名が設定されていないファイルがiTunesタブで表示されなかった問題を修正した。
  * アーティスト名を厳密に比較するように変更した。
  * SQLDBの内容をさらに詳細に表示できるように変更した。
  * 歌詞付き動画ファイルで、動画と歌詞の両方を表示できるように修正した。
  * 起動処理を若干修正した。
  * 歌詞表示の幅を次回起動時に復元するようにした。
  
v1.81.23 1/1/2009 =sugi=
  * 日本語フォルダー名・ファイル名に対応した。（濁点は、未対応です）
  * フォルダータブにAMDeviceタブを追加した。（USBの通信情報の参照用です）
  * バックアップ管理機能オフのときiTunesリストに曲名表示しなかった問題を修正。
  * 動画の再生を最適化する。
  * アドレスバーにURLを入れるとインターネットページが開くようにする。
  * 複数のiPodを繋ぎ変えたときにエラーになるのを修正。
  * 英語モードでタイトルをitouchBrowserに変更した。
    To an English environment. I'm sorry that you confuse this and iPhoneBrowser.
  * 起動シーケンスを変更し高速化した。
  * 細かな部分を修正。

v1.81.22 12/17/2008 =sugi=
  * 演奏中の曲に埋め込まれた情報を表示する。
  * 演奏中のアートワークを表示する。
  * 動画の最大化が無効になっていたのを修正。
  * Movie Exportの時に、再生を一時停止するように変更した。
  * ファイルの種類のアイコンを変更した。
  * 未脱獄のiPodを接続したとき、Jailbreakのメニューを隠す。
  * 曲の演奏中にlast.fmの情報を参照できるようにする。

v1.81.21 11/30/2008 =sugi=
  * 演奏中の曲に埋め込まれた歌詞が見つかれば、それを表示する。
  * 巨大ファイルのバックアップ速度を高速化。
  * 巨大ファイルのバックアップ中のフリーズを改善した。
  * ビューが変わっても動画再生が停止しない現象を修正した。
  * 自動表示オフの時に曲ファイル選択するとエラーで終了するトラブルを修正した。
  * iTunesモードでファイルソート中の異常終了を修正。
  * ２つ目の進捗バー表示が出来なかったのを修正。

v1.81.20 11/09/2008 =sugi=
  * 拡張子の無いファイルが表示できなかったトラブルを修正。
  * 100文字以上のファイル名が表示できなかったトラブルを修正。
  * ファイルを曲名で書き出す機能を追加。
  * 動画のフォーマット変換機能を追加。（演奏中、右クリックでメニュー表示）
  * 音楽、動画の情報表示の強化。
  * Manzanaを最適化し高速化。日本語対応。
  * フォルダーの展開を高速化。
  * iPod nanoの吸出しに対応。

v1.81.19 11/01/2008 =sugi=
  * 日本語のファイル名を表示できるようになる。但し、操作不可。
  * TABにてiTunesの情報を取得・表示する。
  * 歌手、曲名、アルバム名の表示を高速化。

v1.80.18 10/13/2008 =sugi=
  * ファイル削除とフォルダー削除でトラップした問題を修正。
  * PC《＝》touch間 転送速度の高速化(サイズ連動最適化)
  * ファイル転送時の転送サイズ表示
  * バックアップファイルリスト表示のパフォーマンスアップ。
  * バックアップファイルリスト右クリックによるファイル削除機能を追加。

v1.80.17 10/5/2008 =sugi=
  * バックアップファイルの管理データベースを記録するディレクトリを指定できるようにする。
  * バックアップの管理機能を使わないモードを追加する。
  * 指定したバックアップファイルの削除機能を追加する。
  * キャッシュファイルをバックアップしないフラグを追加する。
  * 音楽ファイル一覧で曲名一覧表示を可能にする。
  * Manzanaを最新にアップデート。
  * It corrected that the English message was not able to be setup.
  * added handling for >2GB file sizes
  * Try /var/mobile first, then /var/root
  * another change to work with iTunes 8.x (iTunes 8.0.1 + touch 2G 稼動確認済み)

v1.71.16 8/24/2008 =sugi=
  * SQLiteのファイルを選択したとき、データベース内のデータを表示する。
  * 音楽・動画ファイルの演奏時にタイトルを表示する。
  * 音楽・動画ファイルが既にバックアップ済みで1MB以上ならPCのファイルを再生する。
  * 前回の終了時のフォルダーを接続時に再現する。
  * ファイル名にWindowsで取り扱えない文字があった場合に表示できない問題の対応。
  * 動画の画面拡大を可能にする。
  * バックアップフォルダー中にSymbolic Linkのファイルが有った場合、バックアップ処理が中断される問題を修正。

v1.70.15 8/10/2008 =sugi=
  * ファイルリストにバックアップしているディレクトリを表示する。
  * バックアップファイルをデータベース化し、一覧表示を可能にする。
  * 重複ファイルを一覧する。
  * 重複ファイルの一括削除機能を追加する。（ファイル内容を比較し、異なるものは削除しない）
	   (purge BACKUPS folders of duplicate files)
  * ヘルプからサポートWebページを表示可能にする。
  　　使用上問題があれば、Issuesのタブに状況を追加してください。

v1.60.14 7/25/2008 =sugi=
  * バックアップディレクトリが存在しないときに、ディレクトリの設定ダイアログを出す。
  * 表示ファイルの種類を拡張する。
  * 動画再生しながら次のファイルを読み込めるように対応する。
  * (属性フィールドを追加するが、未表示)

v1.60.13 7/7/2008 =sugi=
  * 不明なファイルも表示ボタンでテキスト表示可能にする。
  
v1.60.12 7/5/2008 =sugi=
  * 日本語対応の拡張
  * バックアップファイルの保存ディレクトリをメニューから変更可能にする
  * ファイル転送の中断機能を追加する

v1.60.10 6/28/2008 =sugi=
  * 日本語対応
  * 処理を最適化し高速化
  * 表示機能の強化
  * 多くの異常終了を削減

v1.60   2/19/2008 Pete Wilson
  * fixed Location menu to try both /var/root and /var/mobile
  * modified Theme creation to use home dir based on /var/mobile/Media existance
  * fixed Delete Folder to work when afc2 not setup
  * modified startup to detect connected iPhone better

v1.52   1/14/2008 Pete Wilson
  * fixed Camera Roll Goto Location menu option
  * moved temp preview files to Windows temp folder

v1.51   1/9/2008 Pete Wilson
  * fixed bug in JIT load of folder tree for folders with one child
  * added two level progress bars to better show operations
  * fixed bug in Goto Location not loading child folders
  * fixed bug to only ask create directory question if directory is not on iPhone
  
v1.50	1/7/2008 Pete Wilson
  * Confirm deletion option disables confirmation for folders without sub-folders as well as files
  * added option to ignore .DS_Store files
  * fixed some file list synch bugs
  * moved backup folders to custom UserAppDataPath (Local Settings\Application Data\Cranium\iPhoneBrowser)
  * moved temp files to custom UserAppDataPath
  * now only creates one backup folder per run unless a filename conflict occurs
  * improved many display refresh issues - collapsing nodes should work correctly now
  * added options to rename files and folders
  * added conversion of illegal Windows filenames in both directions
  * added grouping to file list view
  * added better control over auto preview and limited auto preview to 100kb
  * improved event handling when right-clicking file
  * added user settable bookmarks
  * improved performance of file copies from/to iphone for large files
  * reduced tree icons to 16x16 to decrease tree space for deep hierarchies
  * improved progress bar update/display process for copying files
  * added F5 to refresh current tree node and children manually
  * improved search for iTunesMobileDevice.DLL to use US location if localized location doesn't work

v1.40	10/03/2007	Pete Wilson
  * Re-arranged locations and added new locations for Third-Party Applications and SummerBoard
  * File right-click menu handles multiple selections
  * Added option for delete confirmation
  * Added option to set preview background color (not remembered)
  * Handles deletion of multiple files and folders with contents - all backed up
  * Preview iPhone PNGs and convert from iPhone PNGs to stock
  * NOTE: conversion does not recompute CRCs or compute correct Zlib checksums
  * NOTE: conversion does not remove premultiplied alpha if present
  * Added command to save SpringBoard view as a SummerBoard theme folder
  * Added some more third party app folder locations
  * Added commands to Save or Backup Folders
  * Changed backup scheme to use BACKUPS.date.time to make restores easier
  * added option to ignore Thumbs.db files

v1.31	9/14/2007	Pete Wilson
  * Correct major bug when drag/drop multiple directories

v1.3	9/13/2007	Pete Wilson
  * Fixed Audio Preview of second file, Fixed minimize/resize of window
  * improved image preview to shrink if too large
  * improved TreeView/File Details to eliminate flashing
  * improved file preview to eliminate flashing
  * added .aif as Audio File, changed m4a to Music File
  * added Hourglass cursor when busy
  * improved event handling
  * added sorting to files view
  * improved context menu handling
  * replaced some alerts with status updates
  * added warning icon and beep to status warnings
  * added drag and drop of directories to the iPhone   * add eBooks and apps easily

V1.2	8/19/2007	Kevin Hightower
-Added 'Go To Location' feature that automatically selects common locations
-Added preview of audio files using quicktime plugin
-Added creation and deletion of folders (empty ones only)
-Corrected and optimized UI for speed and clarity

V1.1	8/7/2007 	Kevin Hightower
  * Added some loggin during startup and extra support for older machines

V1.0 	8/5/2007 	Kevin Hightower
  * Initial release
  